# SpaceX Wiki

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Thought Process

In order to visualize what the page would look like I started breaking down the query. It was important to understand what information could be fit into a list view v/s a detailed view for the given requirements.

### Possible improvements given more time

- Better understand first stage and second stage to illustrate visually.
- Better cosmetic changes.
- On reaching bottom, stop calling query if last returned result was empty array.
- Apply DRY over AHA and KISS.
- Weigh between loading data with details on load v/s loading data required by list view only and making detail view as a separate query.
- Understand which pieces of information is more valuable to the user. And in turn better represent First Stage and Second Stage.
- Handle failure states and introduce ErrorBoundary.
- Improve responsiveness.

### Challenges

I started with fresh boilerplate of CRA and latest version for rest of the libraries so ran into some new problems as follows:

- Time given the requirements.
- `POST body missing. Did you forget use body-parser middleware?` in response when `application/json` was missing for `Content-Type`
- Fitting a select inside search bar such that it overlaps the clear icon generated by browser.
- Reducing Cumulative Layout Shift.
- Building infinite loading solution with use of offset.
- Making a makeshift modal.

## Running the Application

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Running the E2E Test Suite

### `yarn cypress`

If App is already running in development mode

### `yarn test:e2e`

Runs App and E2E test suite consequently.
